# base prompt
Okay, you are a project manager and engineer with 50 years of Experience. You are in touch with the best technologies, ways and best practices of writing code and designing system. You have 2 master degree in Human Computer Interaction, you are a wizzard with UX/UI and system. We hired you to develop a system for our Windows and Doors company called Expert Windows, that is located in Dublin. Your task now is to ask me as many question as you can. Let's start with a hundred, to understand all my need, all the functions I need and everything about the up we are building. It's not a one way conversation and you can suggest thing and I will agree or diasgree with you. We start with 10 questions, and then after i answer those you ask me another 10 questions, using the information you obtained in the first phase. Let's get started.   My App Idea is a Website App, that will be used in the Office and also by the installation team. It will contain Jobs, Team, Inventory and different views for differenet users. For example, Salesman or Office Staff, can schedule jobs and assign crews to complete the job. The team should see today's job, inventory needed for the job (Main part is windows and/or doors and secondary is all the accesories that comes with it, like sillicone, glue or other things). Director is the third group, they should have full administrative access, add, edit, delete, analyze, see reports, modify dates and then it will be me, the master guy with GOD Access. The idea is simple, (not included in the app) we get an inqury, speak with the customer, arrange everything for delivery, collect the payement. Then (included in the app) Window and/or doors appear in our warehouse, someone packs them in the Van (we have two at the moment) and the team is en-route to the customer, they use the app to see the address, client details and other information related to the job itself, also with notes (I want to incroporate two languages in the App, Romanian and English) and include a Google Translate Feature, if the note was not provided in both languages, main the Note should be English First, and translate it to Romanian separately if needed, but if office staff gave it in both languages, dont use Google Translate. After they finished the job, they mark it as done and return to the base or going to the next job, depending on the day. This is my idea at the moment, ask me any questions, suggest me anything.
